Test Case Name: Verify Lead Creation and Conversion to Opportunity
Objective: Ensure that a user can successfully create a new lead and convert that lead to an opportunity.

Steps & Expected Results:
1. Step: Launch the browser (Chrome / Edge / Firefox / Safari).
Expected Result: User should see the respective browser getting launched.
2. Step: Load the specified URL (https://login.salesforce.com/).
Expected Result: The Salesforce application’s login window should appear.
3. Step: Enter the Username, Password and click on the Login button.
Expected Result: The user should be logged into Salesforce CRM
4. Step: Click on the App Launcher toggle button.
Expected Result: A list of apps should appear.
5. Step: Click on the View All link. 
Expected Result: The link should direct the user to the App Launcher pop up window.
6. Step: Type ‘Marketing’ in the search box and click on the Marketing link.
Expected Result: The link should direct the user to Marketing dashboard page. 
7. Step: Navigate to the Leads tab from the Marketing dashboard.
Expected Result: User should see a list of existing leads (if any) and options to create a new 
lead.
8. Step: Click on the New button to create a lead.
Expected Result: A form to input details for the new lead should appear.
9. Step: Fill in all the mandatory fields (Salutation, First Name, Last Name, Company) with valid 
data.
Expected Result: All details should be filled in without any errors.
10. Step: Click on the Save button.
Expected Result: A new lead should be created and user should be redirected to the detailed 
view of the newly created lead. A confirmation message should also be displayed and verified.
11. Step: In the newly created Lead page, locate the dropdown near Submit for Approval button and 
click on the Convert link.
Expected Result: The Convert link should be visible and clickable and a new dialog should 
appear asking for details about converting the lead to an opportunity, contact, and an account.
12. Step: Click on the Opportunity Name input field, clear and enter a new opportunity name.
Expected Result: The entered value should appear.
13. Step: Click on the Convert button.
Expected Result: The lead should be successfully converted. A confirmation message ‘Your 
lead has been converted’ should be displayed and verified.
14. Step: Click on the Go to Leads button.
Expected Result: It should redirect the user to Leads page.
15. Step: Search the verified lead name in the Search box and verify the text ‘No items to display’.
Expected Result: The lead should not be displayed as it has been converted to Opportunity and 
should display the confirmation message.
16. Step: Navigate to the Opportunities tab and search for the opportunity linked with the converted 
lead.
Expected Result: The newly converted opportunity should appear in the list with all the relevant 
details correctly populated from the lead.
17. Step: Search the opportunity name created and click on the created opportunity name.
Expected Result: The created Opportunity Name should appear and verify the same.